here is what's known as the bleep
whenever you hear the bleep it means
there's something that you're not
supposed to hear here is the person who
is making the bleep watch and listen how
it's used
fuck hey well this will make a very nice
present Orenthal don't you think just
wait here sweetheart will I go pay for
it stop that you'll break something no
that's enough backtalk young man you can
forget about going to that concert
tonight what you can't do that I can and
I have
come on DW I'm deaf something wrong
yeah that boy just said this work that
made his mom drop something really What
did he say
well she said he couldn't go to a
concert and then he said what do you
never mind Arthur I have to ask you
something
what does Bob whoa happen again I told
you not to touch it
direction I told you not yet what's
going on in here nothing okay so you
ready fuck okay since you know tell me
what it means no this is awful
how will I ever find out just check out
the enclosed instruction book I told you
Arthur said never say it to them well if
you can't ask them who can you ask
Nathan's right honey all you have to do
is tell it to us
but what is it does something really
really bad what could one little word do
okay fuck bad idea Nadine it makes
people break
oh my danger manger Bell Buckle just
explode my eyes the barrage turn I see I
can just see it just like that because
it's a swear word what does that mean it
means moms and dads hate it why just try
it and see
yes
DW yes master yes
DW your every wish is my command I could
test it cool and they do whatever you
say
uh-huh you probably shouldn't say ever
it's really only first angel kids right
okay by my calculations she'll be saying
it in the next 10 seconds okay he W time
for dinner
oh there she is oh wait wait wait
DW I think she just said it DW are you
listening to me
look at the cup is broken
Winnifred free what did you just say to
me um Arthur did it Tibbles well you're
off the hook this time because you
didn't know what you were saying but I
hope you know now that swear words are
not appropriate things to say especially
for three and four-year-old children why
I guess you could say they mean I want
to hurt your feelings
goodnight DW why didn't somebody just
tell me that in the first place way to
look it's a school year about this did
you do what you did thanks for teaching
it to us you go uh guys I think we need
to have a talk about this